patients where they connect with their doctor dieticians and caretakers and have to give a answers to certain questions which shall be recording the data and hence later on filling reflecting them on the respective patient's dashboard. Their are three plans Basic Comprehensive and Premium plan and the images have been attached. Initial assessment form to be filled by patient on the dashboard which shall include a questionnaire: • Current metabolic status - Document uploading interface • Medication history - Document uploading interface • Behavioural challenges • Nutrition patterns • Activity levels • Patient goals • Any certain characteristics or habits or stuff to take care of. In case of Comprehensive plan, addition shall be made -> Define a personalized playbook. In case of Premium plan, additions shall be made -> Also includes: • Medical review • Glucose history • Medications • Eating timing • Sleep • Cravings • Stress • Weight history Premium patients MAY: 1. upload glucometer readings (incl. access to CGM) 2. upload meals occasionally A review shall be conducted and up until the review the portal shall not be accessible - Status - Pending. Each Dashboard shall have a left side vertical Panel with basic level of 3 things - Updated Dashboard - With progress and current status having recommendations comments and so on - Daily Check ins - With Questionnaire on Daily Updates (We can swap updated dashboard and daily check ins Order) - Appointments/Schedule - - My Profile And Resources and #Resources Section shall have all the required reports and documents for reference and of importance both which are to be considered and used by the patient. - Support & Settings. The questionaire per plan is as follows and added in forms of Screenshots. They should have sliders and somewhere look exactly same but with functionality attached and backhend very well connected. Post this the dashboard must have a card of recieving messages from dietician, physician, caretaker and operations portal.